README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/underser/module-translation-helper.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/underser/module-translation-helper)
![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=square)

# Underser_TranslationHelper Magento 2 module

This module will allow you to grab translation files with the ability to exclude already translated ones.

### Requirements

**Magento 2 platform:**

Tested on Magento v2.3.3 and v2.2.10 (will require at least v2.2 from you)

### How to install

Run
```
composer require underser/module-translation-helper

./bin/magento setup:upgrade
```

### How to use

This module will provide you *i18n:translation-helper* command, run
```
./bin/magento i18n:translation-helper --help
```
to see possible params and their meaning

### Examples of usage

```
./bin/magento i18n:translation-helper --locale fr_FR  --output ./var/fr_FR.csv --all
```
will scan whole magento directory, and create fr_FR.csv file inside *var* folder. This file will contain all phrases that not translated for fr_FR locale

```
./bin/magento i18n:translation-helper --locale fr_FR  --output ./var/fr_FR.csv ./app/code/Vendor/Module
```
will scan only *app/code/Vendor/Module*, and create fr_FR.csv file inside *var* folder. This file will contain all phrases that not translated for fr_FR locale

### License

MIT © 2019 [Roman Sliusar](https://github.com/underser/)

Commit message:

Reworked fork to webthings and bumped versions.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/webthings/module-translation-helper.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/webthings/module-translation-helper)
![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=square)

# WebThings_TranslationHelper Magento 2 module

This module will allow you to grab translation files with the ability to exclude already translated ones.

## About
This module is a fork of [underser/module-translation-helper](https://github.com/underser/module-translation-helper), originally developed by Roman Sliusar. It has been enhanced to support PHP 8.2 and Magento versions 2.2.x through 2.4.x.

### Requirements

**Magento 2 platform:**

Tested on Magento v2.3.3 and v2.2.10 (will require at least v2.2 from you)

### How to install

Run
```
composer require webthings/translationhelper

./bin/magento setup:upgrade
```

### How to use

This module will provide you *i18n:translation-helper* command, run
```
./bin/magento i18n:translation-helper --help
```
to see possible params and their meaning

### Examples of usage

```
./bin/magento i18n:translation-helper --locale fr_FR  --output ./var/fr_FR.csv --all
```
will scan whole magento directory, and create fr_FR.csv file inside *var* folder. This file will contain all phrases that not translated for fr_FR locale

```
./bin/magento i18n:translation-helper --locale fr_FR  --output ./var/fr_FR.csv ./app/code/Vendor/Module
```
will scan only *app/code/Vendor/Module*, and create fr_FR.csv file inside *var* folder. This file will contain all phrases that not translated for fr_FR locale
